docs: Update primary README.md (#112)
GoogleCloudPlatform/developer-journey-app: README.md

that you can use for development and testing.

> The Google Cloud Firestore emulator requires a Java 8+ JRE installed and on
> your system PATH
>
> If you need to install Java, you can get it from here:
> https://adoptium.net/
>
> - To choose a specific version, to to: https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/
> - If you're on a Mac with an Apple Silicon M1 or M2 chip, choose the `aarch64` architecture.
> - Choose `JRE` instead of the full `JDK` package unless you plan to do Java
>   development.

### Run the app locally

1. Start the Firestore Emulator

   Choose the port you want to use for the [Firestore Emulator], for example `9999`.

   > Note: If you choose a port that is not `9999` for this demo, you will need to update the `host` property in `database.ts` to match your selected port.

   Export the `FIRESTORE_EMULATOR_HOST` environment variable:

   ```bash
   export FIRESTORE_EMULATOR_HOST="localhost:9999"
   ```

   When the exported `FIRESTORE_EMULATOR_HOST` environment variable is set, the
   Firestore client will automatically use it to connect to the emulator.

   To start the emulator:

   ```bash

>    gcloud emulators firestore start --host-port="$FIRESTORE_EMULATOR_HOST" --project=demo-test

Reviewer: "demo-test" isn't a project anyone would have. I found I didn't need this flag while trying this README. Suggest removing it. 
```suggestion
   gcloud emulators firestore start --host-port="$FIRESTORE_EMULATOR_HOST"
```

   ```

   Press `Ctrl-C` when you want to stop the Firestore emulator.

2. Get the code

   Clone this repo and change your current working directory to it:

   ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/googlecloudplatform/developer-journey-app.git
    cd developer-journey-app
   ```

3. Set local development environment variables

   Copy the example `.env.local.example` file to a new file `.env.local`:

   ```bash
   cp .env.local.example .env.local
   ```

>    If neccessary, change any of the default values provided.

Reviewer: I'd mention something additional like: 
"This file is picked up by PACKAGE automatically, and sets a number of defaults, including FIREBASE_EMULATOR_HOST." (Where PACKAGE is whatever part of the stack uses the local env file.). This will help clarify why this envvar needs to be re-declared elsewhere.

4. Install npm dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

5. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see
   the result.

>    You can start editing pages. The browser auto-updates when you save changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can start editing the application. The browser auto-refreshes when you save changes.
```
